doc_source/additional-resources.md, before:

# Additional resources for Amazon Connect<a name="additional-resources"></a>

In addition to using the contents of this guide, you can learn more about Amazon Connect by using the online resources listed in this topic\.

## Amazon Connect Service API documentation<a name="acp-api"></a>

The [Amazon Connect Service API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/APIReference/welcome.html) provides details about all the operations, types, inputs and outputs, and error codes\. 

## Amazon Connect Participant Service API<a name="acp-api"></a>

The [Amazon Connect Participant Service API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect-participant/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html) provides details about the APIs used by chat participants, such as agents and customers\. 

## Amazon Connect Streams<a name="streams"></a>

Use the [Amazon Connect Streams](https://github.com/aws/amazon-connect-streams) documentation to integrate your existing web applications with Amazon Connect\. Streams gives you the power to embed the Contact Control Panel \(CCP\) UI components into your page, and/or handle agent and contact state events directly giving you the power to control agent and contact state through an object oriented event driven interface\. You can use the built in interface or build your own from scratch: Streams gives you the power to choose\.

## Amazon Connect Chat SDK and sample implementations<a name="chat-example"></a>

 See the [Amazon Connect Chat SDK and Sample Implementations](https://github.com/amazon-connect/amazon-connect-chat-ui-examples/) for examples of how to enable your app to engage with Amazon Connect chat\.

Commit message:

added several files from reinvent 2020 and beyond

doc_source/additional-resources.md, after:

# Additional resources for Amazon Connect<a name="additional-resources"></a>

In addition to using the contents of this guide, you can learn more about Amazon Connect by using the online resources listed in this topic\.

## Amazon Connect Service API documentation<a name="acp-api"></a>

The [Amazon Connect Service API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/APIReference/welcome.html) provides details about all the operations, types, inputs and outputs, and error codes\. 

## Amazon Connect Participant Service API<a name="acp-api"></a>

The [Amazon Connect Participant Service API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect-participant/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html) provides details about the APIs used by chat participants, such as agents and customers\. 

## Amazon AppIntegrations API \(Preview\)<a name="appintegrations-api"></a>

The [Amazon AppIntegrations Service API Reference \(Preview\)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appintegrations/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html) which enables you to access and configure AppIntegrations associations programmatically with Amazon Connect instances\. 

## Contact Lens for Amazon Connect API<a name="contactlens-api"></a>

The real\-time capabilities in Contact Lens for Amazon Connect are available through a synchronous API that enables you to build innovative solutions customized to your business needs\. Through the real\-time API, you can access an up\-to\-date transcript along with all the associated conversation characteristics while a call is still in progress\. This helps reduce the need for agents to write detailed call summaries and enables a seamless handoff from one agent to another during a call transfer\.

For more information, see [Amazon Connect Contact Lens API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/contact-lens/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)\.

## Amazon Connect Customer Profiles API<a name="customerprofiles-api"></a>

Use the [Amazon Connect Customer Profiles API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/customerprofiles/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html) to manage domains and profiles\. 

## Amazon Connect Streams<a name="streams"></a>

Use the [Amazon Connect Streams](https://github.com/aws/amazon-connect-streams) documentation to integrate your existing web applications with Amazon Connect\. Streams gives you the power to embed the Contact Control Panel \(CCP\) UI components into your page, and/or handle agent and contact state events directly giving you the power to control agent and contact state through an object oriented event driven interface\. You can use the built in interface or build your own from scratch: Streams gives you the power to choose\.

## Amazon Connect Chat SDK and sample implementations<a name="chat-example"></a>

 See the [Amazon Connect Chat SDK and Sample Implementations](https://github.com/amazon-connect/amazon-connect-chat-ui-examples/) for examples of how to enable your app to engage with Amazon Connect chat\.
