doc_source/agent-user-guide.md, before:

# Agent training guide for the Amazon Connect CCP<a name="agent-user-guide"></a>

Agents use the Amazon Connect Contact Control Panel \(CCP\) to interact with customer contacts\. It's how they receive calls, chat with contacts, transfer them to other agents, put them on hold, and perform other key tasks\.

The URL to launch the CCP is:
+ https://*instance name*\.awsapps\.com/connect/ccp\-v2/

Where *instance name* is provided by your IT department or whoever set up Amazon Connect for your business\.

**Note**  
IT administrators: In the future, the access URL is going to change\. For the release schedule and technical details, see [Upcoming change: Domain for new Amazon Connect instances is "my\.connect\.aws"New domain for access URL](amazon-connect-release-notes.md#new-domain)\. 

Large businesses often choose to customize their CCP\. For example, they might want to integrate it with a CRM\. However, this section describes how CCP works before it is customized\.

We recently released an updated CCP\. It provides a single interface for agents to manage voice, chat, and tasks\. Even if your business is currently taking only voice contacts, we recommend using the updated CCP\.

The following image shows the CCP\.

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/ccp-intro.png)

**Topics**
+ [Training video](ccp-video-training.md)
+ [Agent training cheat sheet](ccp-cheat-sheet.md)
+ [Launch the CCP](launch-ccp.md)
+ [Log in and log out of the CCP](ccp-login.md)
+ [Set your status to available](set-status-available.md)
+ [Chat with contacts](work-with-chats.md)
+ [Transfer chats to another queue](transfer-chats.md)
+ [Make a call while on a chat](call-and-chat.md)
+ [Accept incoming calls](work-with-calls.md)
+ [Transfer calls](transfers.md)
+ [Make outbound calls](make-outbound-calls.md)
+ [Accept a task](accept-task.md)
+ [Create a new task](create-task.md)
+ [Transfer a task](transfer-task.md)
+ [Accept incoming contacts with Customer Profiles](select-customer-profile.md)
+ [Create a new customer profile](create-new-customer-profile.md)
+ [Search for a customer profile](search-customer-profile.md)
+ [Search for content](search-for-answers.md)
+ [Use real\-time recommendations](use-realtime-recommendations.md)

Commit message:

new files for audio settings and customer profiles

doc_source/agent-user-guide.md, after:

# Agent training guide for the Amazon Connect CCP<a name="agent-user-guide"></a>

Agents use the Amazon Connect Contact Control Panel \(CCP\) to interact with customer contacts\. It's how they receive calls, chat with contacts, transfer them to other agents, put them on hold, and perform other key tasks\.

The URL to launch the CCP is:
+ https://*instance name*\.awsapps\.com/connect/ccp\-v2/

Where *instance name* is provided by your IT department or whoever set up Amazon Connect for your business\.

**Note**  
IT administrators: In the future, the access URL is going to change\. For the release schedule and technical details, see [Upcoming change: Domain for new Amazon Connect instances is "my\.connect\.aws"New domain for access URL](amazon-connect-release-notes.md#new-domain)\. 

Large businesses often choose to customize their CCP\. For example, they might want to integrate it with a CRM\. However, this section describes how CCP works before it is customized\.

We recently released an updated CCP\. It provides a single interface for agents to manage voice, chat, and tasks\. Even if your business is currently taking only voice contacts, we recommend using the updated CCP\.

The following image shows the CCP\.

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/ccp-intro.png)

1. Set your status\.

1. The channels enabled for your agent routing profile\.

1. Log in and out\. Set your language preferences, device settings \(if enabled\), and phone type\.

1. Name of the signed in agent\.

1. Call a number or enter digits into an IVR menu\.

1. Choose a predefined destination to transfer the contact\. Or call an external number\.
