doc_source/agent-hierarchy.md, before:

# Set Up Agent Hierarchies<a name="agent-hierarchy"></a>

 Agent hierarchies are a way for you to organize agents into teams and groups for reporting purposes\. It's useful to organize them based on their location and their skill sets\. For example, you might want to create large groups, such as all agents who work on a specific continent, or smaller groups such as all agents working in a specific department\. 

You can also configure hierarchies with up to five levels, and segment agents or teams\. Here are a couple of things to note about using hierarchies:
+ Removing agents from a level affects historical reporting\.
+ Hierarchies do not determine agent permissions or security settings\. They define the organizational structure of agent groups for effective reporting\.

To manage who can create hierarchies and see the location and skill set data, create a security profile and then grant the appropriate permissions to users assigned to that profile\. For more information, see [Assign Permissions: Security Profiles](connect-security-profiles.md)\.

**To configure a new agent hierarchy**

1. Choose **Contact management**, **Agent hierarchy**\.

1. Enter a name and choose **\+** to create the first level of your hierarchy\.

1. Choose **\+** to add more levels to your hierarchy\.

1. Choose **Save** to apply the changes, or **Cancel** to undo them\.

After you create a hierarchy, you can add groups, teams, and agents from the top down\.

**To add groupings to a hierarchy**

1. Select the top level of the hierarchy\.

1. Choose **x** to add groupings to each level\.

1. Choose the check icon to save the name, choose the pencil icon to edit the name\.

1. Choose **Save**\.

Choose **View historical changes** to view the change history\. You can filter changes by date \(between two dates\) or by user name\. If you cannot see the link, ensure that you have the proper permissions to view these changes\.

Commit message:

added new files for contact block update and save, share, publish reports

doc_source/agent-hierarchy.md, after:

# Set Up Agent Hierarchies<a name="agent-hierarchy"></a>

 Agent hierarchies are a way for you to organize agents into teams and groups for reporting purposes\. It's useful to organize them based on their location and their skill sets\. For example, you might want to create large groups, such as all agents who work on a specific continent, or smaller groups such as all agents working in a specific department\. 

You can also configure hierarchies with up to five levels, and segment agents or teams\. Here are a couple of things to note about using hierarchies:
+ Removing agents from a level affects historical reporting\.
+ Hierarchies do not determine agent permissions or security settings\. They define the organizational structure of agent groups for effective reporting\.

To manage who can create hierarchies and see location and skill set data, create a security profile and then grant the appropriate permissions to users assigned to that profile\. For more information, see [Assign Permissions: Security Profiles](connect-security-profiles.md)\.

**To configure a new agent hierarchy**

1. Log in to the Amazon Connect console with an **Admin** account, or an account assigned to a security profile that has permissions to create agent hierarchies\.

1. Choose **Users**, **Agent hierarchy**\.

1. Enter a name and choose **\+** to create the first level of your hierarchy\.

1. Choose **\+** to add more levels to your hierarchy\.

1. Choose **Save** to apply the changes, or **Cancel** to undo them\.
**Tip**  
If the Save button isn't active, you don't have permissions to create or edit the agent hierarchy\.

After you create a hierarchy, you can add groups, teams, and agents from the top down\.

**To add groupings to a hierarchy**

1. Select the top level of the hierarchy\.

1. Choose **x** to add groupings to each level\.

1. Choose the check icon to save the name, choose the pencil icon to edit the name\.

1. Choose **Save**\.

Choose **View historical changes** to view the change history\. You can filter changes by date \(between two dates\) or by user name\. If you cannot see the link, ensure that you have the proper permissions to view these changes\.
