doc_source/amazon-connect-contact-centers.md, before:

# Set Up Your Contact Center<a name="amazon-connect-contact-centers"></a>

Amazon Connect enables you to create a virtual contact center in the AWS cloud\. To get started, create a virtual contact center instance\. For more information, see [Get Started with Amazon Connect](amazon-connect-get-started.md)\.

After you create an instance, you can edit its settings, such as telephony, data storage, and data streaming\. After that, you can assign your contact center a phone number or import your own phone number\. You can add agents to your contact center, and assign them permissions appropriate to their roles\. You can set up a single queue for incoming contacts, or set up multiple queues so that you can route contacts to agents with specific skills\. 

A key part of setting up your contact center is to define how your customers experience it\. You do this by creating contact flows\.

Finally, you'll need to provide your agents access to the Contact Control Panel \(CCP\), which they will use to interact with contacts\.

**Topics**
+ [Create an Instance](amazon-connect-instances.md)
+ [Set Up Your Phone Numbers](contact-center-phone-number.md)
+ [Set Up Routing](connect-queues.md)
+ [Set Up Agents](connect-agents.md)
+ [Provide Access to the CCP](amazon-connect-contact-control-panel.md)

Commit message:

added files for chat release

doc_source/amazon-connect-contact-centers.md, after:

# Set Up Your Contact Center<a name="amazon-connect-contact-centers"></a>

Amazon Connect enables you to create a virtual contact center in the AWS cloud\. To get started, create a virtual contact center instance\. For more information, see [Get Started with Amazon Connect](amazon-connect-get-started.md)\.

After you create an instance, you can edit its settings, such as telephony, data storage, and data streaming\. After that, you can assign your contact center a phone number or import your own phone number\. You can add agents to your contact center, and assign them permissions appropriate to their roles\. You can set up a single queue for incoming contacts, or set up multiple queues so that you can route contacts to agents with specific skills\. 

A key part of setting up your contact center is to define how your customers experience it\. You do this by creating contact flows\.

Finally, you'll need to provide your agents access to the Contact Control Panel \(CCP\), which they will use to interact with contacts\.

**Topics**
+ [Create an Amazon Connect Instance](amazon-connect-instances.md)
+ [Test a Voice or Chat Experience](chat-testing.md)
+ [Set Up Your Phone Numbers](contact-center-phone-number.md)
+ [Set Up Routing](connect-queues.md)
+ [Set Up Agents](connect-agents.md)
+ [Provide Access to the CCP](amazon-connect-contact-control-panel.md)
