doc_source/analyze-conversations.md, before:

# Analyze conversations using Contact Lens for Amazon Connect<a name="analyze-conversations"></a>

Contact Lens for Amazon Connect lets you analyze customer\-agent conversations, by using speech transcription, natural language processing, and intelligent search capabilities\. It performs sentiment analysis and automatically indexes call transcripts so that you can search for specific words/phrases\. This enables supervisors to identify recurring themes, and discover opportunities to coach agents so that they can continually improve the customer experience\. 

The results of the sentiment analysis appear in the customer's Contact Trace Record \(CTR\)\. The following image shows a portion of a CTR with sentiment analysis\.

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/contact-lens-sample-sentiment-graph.png)

**Topics**
+ [Enable Contact Lens](enable-analytics.md)
+ [Assign permissions](permissions-for-contact-lens.md)
+ [Automatically categorize contacts](rules.md)
+ [Search conversations](search-conversations.md)
+ [Review analyzed conversations](review-transcripts.md)
+ [About sentiment scores and non\-talk time](sentiment-scores.md)
+ [About issue/call driver detection](contact-lens-issue-detection.md)
+ [About loudness scores](contact-lens-loudness.md)
+ [About sensitive data redaction](sensitive-data-redaction.md)
+ [Example Contact Lens output files](contact-lens-example-output-files.md)
+ [Error notifications](contact-lens-error-notifications.md)

Commit message:

added several files from reinvent 2020 and beyond

doc_source/analyze-conversations.md, after:

# Analyze conversations using Contact Lens for Amazon Connect<a name="analyze-conversations"></a>

Contact Lens for Amazon Connect enables you to analyze conversations between customer and agents, by using speech transcription, natural language processing, and intelligent search capabilities\. It performs sentiment analysis, detects issues, and enables you to automatically categorize contacts\. 

Contact Lens for Amazon Connect provides both real\-time and post\-call analytics of customer\-agent conversations\.
+ **Real\-time analytics**: Use to detect and resolve customer issues more proactively while the call is progress\. For example, it can analyze and alert you when a customer is getting frustrated because the agent is unable to resolve a complicated problem\. This allows you to provide assistance proactively\. 
+ **Post\-call analytics**: Use to understand trends of customer conversations, and agent compliance\. This helps you identify opportunities to coach an agent after the call\.

To protect your customer's privacy, sensitive data such as name, address, and credit card information, can be redacted from transcripts and audio recordings\. 

The results of the sentiment analysis appear in the customer's Contact Trace Record \(CTR\)\. The following image shows a portion of a CTR with sentiment analysis\.

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/contact-lens-sample-sentiment-graph.png)

**Topics**
+ [Enable Contact Lens](enable-analytics.md)
+ [Assign permissions](permissions-for-contact-lens.md)
+ [Automatically categorize contacts](rules.md)
+ [Alert supervisors real\-time](add-rules-for-alerts.md)
+ [Search conversations](search-conversations.md)
+ [Review analyzed conversations](review-transcripts.md)
+ [Quickly navigate transcripts and audio](turn-by-turn-transcript.md)
+ [Investigate sentiment scores](sentiment-scores.md)
+ [Investigate non\-talk time](non-talk-time.md)
+ [Investigate detected issues](contact-lens-issue-detection.md)
+ [Investigate loudness scores](contact-lens-loudness.md)
+ [Use sensitive data redaction](sensitive-data-redaction.md)
+ [Use the real\-time analytics API](contact-lens-api.md)
+ [Example Contact Lens output files](contact-lens-example-output-files.md)
+ [Troubleshoot](contact-lens-troubleshoot.md)
+ [Error notifications](contact-lens-error-notifications.md)
