doc_source/compliance-validation.md, before:

# Compliance validation in Amazon Connect<a name="compliance-validation"></a>

Third\-party auditors assess the security and compliance of Amazon Connect as part of multiple AWS compliance programs\. These include SOC, PCI, HIPAA, C5 \(Frankfurt\), and HITRUST CSF\.

Currently, Amazon Connect Customer Profiles can be used in compliance with [GDPR](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center) and is pending additional certifications held by Amazon Connect\.

For a list of AWS services in scope of specific compliance programs, see [AWS Services in Scope by Compliance Program](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/services-in-scope/)\. For general information, see [AWS Compliance Programs](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/programs/)\.

You can download third\-party audit reports using AWS Artifact\. For more information, see [Downloading Reports in AWS Artifact](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/artifact/latest/ug/downloading-documents.html)\.

Your compliance responsibility when using Amazon Connect is determined by the sensitivity of your data, your company's compliance objectives, and applicable laws and regulations\. 

AWS provides the following resources to help with compliance:
+ [Security and Compliance Quick Start Guides](http://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?awsf.quickstart-homepage-filter=categories%23security-identity-compliance) – These deployment guides discuss architectural considerations and provide steps for deploying security\- and compliance\-focused baseline environments on AWS\.
+ [Architecting for HIPAA Security and Compliance Whitepaper ](https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/compliance/AWS_HIPAA_Compliance_Whitepaper.pdf) – This whitepaper describes how companies can use AWS to create HIPAA\-compliant applications\.
+ [AWS Compliance Resources](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/resources/) – This collection of workbooks and guides might apply to your industry and location\.
+ [AWS Config](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config.html) – This AWS service assesses how well your resource configurations comply with internal practices, industry guidelines, and regulations\.
+ [AWS Security Hub](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/what-is-securityhub.html) – This AWS service provides a comprehensive view of your security state within AWS that helps you check your compliance with security industry standards and best practices\.

Commit message:

updated with changes to customer profiles

doc_source/compliance-validation.md, after:

# Compliance validation in Amazon Connect<a name="compliance-validation"></a>

Third\-party auditors assess the security and compliance of AWS services as part of multiple AWS compliance programs, such as SOC, PCI, FedRAMP, and HIPAA\.

To learn whether Amazon Connect or other AWS services are in scope of specific compliance programs, see [AWS Services in Scope by Compliance Program](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/services-in-scope/)\. For general information, see [AWS Compliance Programs](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/programs/)\.

You can download third\-party audit reports using AWS Artifact\. For more information, see [Downloading Reports in AWS Artifact](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/artifact/latest/ug/downloading-documents.html)\.

Your compliance responsibility when using AWS services is determined by the sensitivity of your data, your company's compliance objectives, and applicable laws and regulations\. AWS provides the following resources to help with compliance:
+ [Security and Compliance Quick Start Guides](http://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?awsf.quickstart-homepage-filter=categories%23security-identity-compliance) – These deployment guides discuss architectural considerations and provide steps for deploying baseline environments on AWS that are security and compliance focused\.
+ [Architecting for HIPAA Security and Compliance Whitepaper ](https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/compliance/AWS_HIPAA_Compliance_Whitepaper.pdf) – This whitepaper describes how companies can use AWS to create HIPAA\-compliant applications\.
**Note**  
Not all services are compliant with HIPAA\.
+ [AWS Compliance Resources](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/resources/) – This collection of workbooks and guides might apply to your industry and location\.
+ [Evaluating Resources with Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config.html) in the *AWS Config Developer Guide* – The AWS Config service assesses how well your resource configurations comply with internal practices, industry guidelines, and regulations\.
+ [AWS Security Hub](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/what-is-securityhub.html) – This AWS service provides a comprehensive view of your security state within AWS that helps you check your compliance with security industry standards and best practices\.
+ [AWS Audit Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/what-is.html) – This AWS service helps you continuously audit your AWS usage to simplify how you manage risk and compliance with regulations and industry standards\.
