doc_source/configure-saml.md, before:

# Configure SAML for Identity Management in Amazon Connect<a name="configure-saml"></a>

Amazon Connect supports identity federation with Security Assertion Markup Language \(SAML\) 2\.0 to enable web\-based single sign\-on \(SSO\) from your organization to your Amazon Connect instance\. This allows your users to sign in to a portal in your organization hosted by a SAML 2\.0–compatible identity provider \(IdP\), select an option to go to Amazon Connect, and be redirected to your Amazon Connect instance without having to provide separate credentials for Amazon Connect\.

**Topics**
+ [Overview of Using SAML with Amazon Connect](#saml-overview)
+ [Enabling SAML\-based Authentication for Amazon Connect](#enable-saml)
+ [Select SAML 2\.0\-based Authentication During Instance Creation](#create-saml-instance)
+ [Enable SAML Federation Between Your Identity Provider and AWS](#enable-saml-federation)
+ [Use a Destination in Your Relay State URL](#destination-relay)
+ [Add users to Your Amazon Connect Instance](#saml-add-users)
+ [SAML User Log in and Session Duration](#user-sessions)

## Overview of Using SAML with Amazon Connect<a name="saml-overview"></a>

The following diagram describes the flow for SAML requests to authenticate users and federate with Amazon Connect\.

![\[Overview of the request flow for SAML authentication requests with Amazon Connect.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-overview.png)

SAML requests go through the following steps:

## 

1. The user browses to an internal portal that includes a link to log in to Amazon Connect\. The link is defined in the identity provider\.

1. The federation service requests authentication from the organization's identity store\.

1. The identity store authenticates the user and returns the authentication response to the federation service\.

1. When authentication is successful, the federation service posts the SAML assertion to the user’s browser\.

1. The user's browser posts the SAML assertion to the AWS Sign\-In SAML endpoint \(https://signin\.aws\.amazon\.com/saml\)\. AWS Sign\-In receives the SAML request, processes the request, authenticates the user, and forwards the authentication token to the Amazon Connect service\.

1. Using the authentication token from AWS, Amazon Connect authorizes the user and opens Amazon Connect in their browser\.

## Enabling SAML\-based Authentication for Amazon Connect<a name="enable-saml"></a>

The following steps are required to enable and configure SAML authentication for use with your Amazon Connect instance:

1. Create an Amazon Connect instance and select SAML 2\.0\-based authentication for identity management\.

1. Enable SAML federation between your identity provider and AWS\.

1. Add users to your Amazon Connect instance\. Use the admin account created when you created your instance to log in and add users\. The user names must exactly match the user name in your network directory and your identity provider\.

1. Configure your identity provider for the SAML assertions, authentication response, and relay state\. Users log in to your identity provider\. When successful, they are redirected to your Amazon Connect instance and then federated through an IAM role, which allows access to use the Amazon Connect console or CCP\. 

## Select SAML 2\.0\-based Authentication During Instance Creation<a name="create-saml-instance"></a>

When you are creating your Amazon Connect instance, select the SAML 2\.0\-based authentication option for identity management\. On the second step, when you create an administrator user for the instance, the user name that you specify must exactly match a user name in your existing network directory\. There is no option to specify a password for the admin user because passwords are managed through your existing directory\. The admin user is created in Amazon Connect and assigned the **Admin** security profile\.

You can log in to your Amazon Connect instance through your identity provider with the admin account specified to add additional users, assign security profiles, and manage configurations settings after you create your instance\.

If you encounter an error and are unable to log in to your instance through your identity provider, you can log in as an administrator through the AWS Management Console to modify the admin user account\.

## Enable SAML Federation Between Your Identity Provider and AWS<a name="enable-saml-federation"></a>

To enable SAML\-based authentication for Amazon Connect, you must create an identity provider in the IAM console\. For more information, see [Enabling SAML 2\.0 Federated Users to Access the AWS Management Console](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_enable-console-saml.html)\.

The process to create an identity provider for AWS is the same for Amazon Connect, except that for step 7 in the flow diagram in the topic, the client is sent to your Amazon Connect instance instead of landing at the AWS Management Console\.

The steps necessary to enable SAML federation with AWS include:

1. Create a SAML provider in AWS\. For more information, see [Creating SAML Identity Providers](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_create_saml.html)\.

1. Create an IAM role for SAML 2\.0 Federation with the AWS Management Console\. You only need to create one IAM role for federation\. The IAM role determines which permissions the users that log in through your identity provider have in AWS\. In this case, the permissions are for accessing Amazon Connect\. You can control the permissions to features of Amazon Connect by using security profiles in Amazon Connect\. For more information, see [Creating a Role for SAML 2\.0 Federation \(Console\)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_create_for-idp_saml.html)\.

   In step 5, choose **Allow programmatic and AWS Management Console access**\. In addition to the trust policy described in the topic in the procedure *To prepare to create a role for SAML 2\.0 federation*, create a policy to assign permissions to your Amazon Connect instance\. Permissions start on step 9 of the *To create a role for SAML\-based federation* procedure \.

**To create a policy for assigning permissions to the IAM role for SAML federation**

   1. On the **Attach permissions policy** page, choose **Create policy**\.

   1. On the **Create policy** page, choose **JSON**\.

   1. Copy one of the following example policies and paste it into the JSON policy editor, replacing any existing text\. You can use either policy to enable SAML federation, or customize them for your specific requirements\.

      Use this policy to enable federation for all users in a specific Amazon Connect instance\. For SAML\-based authentication, replace the value for the `Resource` to the ARN for the instance that you created:

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
         "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement1",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": [
                      "arn:aws:connect:us-east-1:361814831152:instance/2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b/user/${aws:userid}"
                  ]
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

      Use this policy to enable federation to a specific Amazon Connect instances\. Replace the value for the `connect:InstanceId` to the instance ID for your instance\.

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
          "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement2",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": "*",
                  "Condition": {
                      "StringEquals": {
                          "connect:InstanceId": "2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b"
                      }
                  }
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

      Use this policy to enable federation for multiple instances\. Note the brackets around the listed instance IDs\.

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
          "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement2",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": "*",
                  "Condition": {
                      "StringEquals": {
                          "connect:InstanceId": [
                          "2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b", 
                          "1234567-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b"]
                      }
                  }
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

   1. After you create the policy, choose **Next:Review**, and then return to step 10 in the *To create a role for SAML\-based federation* procedure in the [Creating a Role for SAML 2\.0 Federation \(Console\)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_create_for-idp_saml.html) topic\.

1. Configure your network as a SAML provider for AWS\. For more information, see [Enabling SAML 2\.0 Federated Users to Access the AWS Management Console](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_enable-console-saml.html)\.

1. Configure SAML Assertions for the Authentication Response\. For more information, [Configuring SAML Assertions for the Authentication Response](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_create_saml_assertions.html)\.

1. Configure the relay state of your identity provider to point to your Amazon Connect instance\. The URL to use for the relay state is comprised as follows:

   `https://region-id.console.aws.amazon.com/connect/federate/instance-id`

   Replace the *region\-id* with the Region name where you created your Amazon Connect instance, such as us\-east\-1 for US East \(N\. Virginia\)\. Replace the *instance\-id* with the instance ID for your instance\.

## Use a Destination in Your Relay State URL<a name="destination-relay"></a>

When you configure the relay state for your identity provider, you can use the ?destination argument in the URL to navigate users to a specific page in your Amazon Connect instance, such opening the CCP directly when an agent logs in, or displaying the real time metrics page when a call center manager logs in\. The user must be assigned a security profile that grants access to that page in the instance\. For example, if you want to send agents directly to the CCP when they log in, you can use a URL similar to the following for the relay state to go directly to the CCP when an agent logs in\. You must use [URL encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding) for the destination value used in the URL:

`https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/connect/federate/instance-id?destination=%2Fconnect%2Fccp`

## Add users to Your Amazon Connect Instance<a name="saml-add-users"></a>

Add users to your connect instance, making sure that the user names exactly match the users names in your existing directory\. If the names do not match, users can log in to the identity provider, but not to Amazon Connect because no user account with that user name exists in Amazon Connect\. You can add users manually on the **User management** page, or you can bulk upload users with the CSV template\. After you add the users to Amazon Connect, you can assign security profiles and other user settings\.

When a user attempts to log in to Amazon Connect and successfully logs in to the identity provider, but no account with the same user name is found in Amazon Connect, the following **Access denied** message is displayed\.

![\[Error message displayed when a user tries to log in to Amazon Connect through their identity provider when the user name is not in Amazon Connect.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-access-denied.png)
<a name="bulk-user-upload"></a>
**Bulk upload users with the template\.**  
You can also import all of your users by adding their information to a CSV file, and then using the import feature within Amazon Connect\. If you plan to add users by uploading a CSV file, make sure that you use the template for SAML users, which you can find on the **User management** page in Amazon Connect\. A different template is used for SAML\-based authentication\. If you previously downloaded the template, you should download the version available on the **User management** page after you set up your instance with SAML\-based authentication\. The template should not include a column for email or password\.

## SAML User Log in and Session Duration<a name="user-sessions"></a>

When you are using SAML for identity management in Amazon Connect, users must log in to Amazon Connect by first logging in to the identity provider you have configured in your network to use with Amazon Web Services\. After authentication by the identity provider, a token for their session is created, and the user is redirected to your Amazon Connect instance and automatically logged in to Amazon Connect using single sign\-on\.

As a best practice, you should also define a process for your Amazon Connect users to log out when they are finished using Amazon Connect\. They should log out from both Amazon Connect and your identity provider\. If they do not, the next person that logs in to the same computer can log in to Amazon Connect without a password since the token for the previous sessions is still valid for the duration of the session, by default, 10 hours\.
<a name="session-expire"></a>
**About Session Expiration**  
Amazon Connect sessions expire 10 hours after a user logs in\. After 10 hours, users are automatically logged out, even if they are currently on a call\. If you plan to have agents stay logged in for more than 10 hours, you should consider having agents log out of Amazon Connect and your identity provider, and then log in again through your identity provider before the session expires\. This resets the session timer set on the token so that agents are not logged out during an active contact with a customer\. When a session expires while a user is logged in, the following message is displayed\. To use Amazon Connect again, the user needs to log in to your identity provider\.

![\[Error message displayed when the session expires for a SAML-based user.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-session-expired.png)

Commit message:

Monthly refresh of Git repo. Updates include Queue to Queue Transfer, refresh of Contact Attributes, Cross-region Amazon Lex support, various minor updates.

doc_source/configure-saml.md, after:

# Configure SAML for Identity Management in Amazon Connect<a name="configure-saml"></a>

Amazon Connect supports identity federation with Security Assertion Markup Language \(SAML\) 2\.0 to enable web\-based single sign\-on \(SSO\) from your organization to your Amazon Connect instance\. This allows your users to sign in to a portal in your organization hosted by a SAML 2\.0–compatible identity provider \(IdP\), select an option to go to Amazon Connect, and be redirected to your Amazon Connect instance without having to provide separate credentials for Amazon Connect\.

**Important**  
To enable SAML authentication, you need to create an AWS Identity and Access Management \(IAM\) role that is used for federation between the identity provider on your existing network and Amazon Web Services\. AWS Identity and Access Management is a web service that helps you securely control access to AWS resources\. You use IAM to control who is authenticated \(signed in\) and authorized \(has permissions\) to use resources\. In this case, the IAM role is used for federation between your identity provider and AWS\. The permissions for the IAM role grant access to Amazon Connect\.  
You cannot use the root credentials for your AWS as the account for SAML federation as it is not supported\. Instead, follow the steps in the topic, and the topics linked to in the AWS Identity and Access Management documentation, to create an IAM role for federation\. To learn more about IAM, see [What is IAM?](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html)

**Topics**
+ [Overview of Using SAML with Amazon Connect](#saml-overview)
+ [Enabling SAML\-based Authentication for Amazon Connect](#enable-saml)
+ [Select SAML 2\.0\-based Authentication During Instance Creation](#create-saml-instance)
+ [Enable SAML Federation Between Your Identity Provider and AWS](#enable-saml-federation)
+ [Use a Destination in Your Relay State URL](#destination-relay)
+ [Add users to Your Amazon Connect Instance](#saml-add-users)
+ [SAML User Log in and Session Duration](#user-sessions)

## Overview of Using SAML with Amazon Connect<a name="saml-overview"></a>

The following diagram describes the flow for SAML requests to authenticate users and federate with Amazon Connect\.

![\[Overview of the request flow for SAML authentication requests with Amazon Connect.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-overview.png)

SAML requests go through the following steps:

## 

1. The user browses to an internal portal that includes a link to log in to Amazon Connect\. The link is defined in the identity provider\.

1. The federation service requests authentication from the organization's identity store\.

1. The identity store authenticates the user and returns the authentication response to the federation service\.

1. When authentication is successful, the federation service posts the SAML assertion to the user’s browser\.

1. The user's browser posts the SAML assertion to the AWS Sign\-In SAML endpoint \(https://signin\.aws\.amazon\.com/saml\)\. AWS Sign\-In receives the SAML request, processes the request, authenticates the user, and forwards the authentication token to the Amazon Connect service\.

1. Using the authentication token from AWS, Amazon Connect authorizes the user and opens Amazon Connect in their browser\.

## Enabling SAML\-based Authentication for Amazon Connect<a name="enable-saml"></a>

The following steps are required to enable and configure SAML authentication for use with your Amazon Connect instance:

1. Create an Amazon Connect instance and select SAML 2\.0\-based authentication for identity management\.

1. Enable SAML federation between your identity provider and AWS\.

1. Add users to your Amazon Connect instance\. Use the admin account created when you created your instance to log in and add users\. The user names must exactly match the user name in your network directory and your identity provider\.

1. Configure your identity provider for the SAML assertions, authentication response, and relay state\. Users log in to your identity provider\. When successful, they are redirected to your Amazon Connect instance and then federated through an IAM role, which allows access to use the Amazon Connect console or CCP\. 

## Select SAML 2\.0\-based Authentication During Instance Creation<a name="create-saml-instance"></a>

When you are creating your Amazon Connect instance, select the SAML 2\.0\-based authentication option for identity management\. On the second step, when you create an administrator user for the instance, the user name that you specify must exactly match a user name in your existing network directory\. There is no option to specify a password for the admin user because passwords are managed through your existing directory\. The admin user is created in Amazon Connect and assigned the **Admin** security profile\.

You can log in to your Amazon Connect instance through your identity provider with the admin account specified to add additional users, assign security profiles, and manage configurations settings after you create your instance\.

If you encounter an error and are unable to log in to your instance through your identity provider, you can log in as an administrator through the AWS Management Console to modify the admin user account\.

## Enable SAML Federation Between Your Identity Provider and AWS<a name="enable-saml-federation"></a>

To enable SAML\-based authentication for Amazon Connect, you must create an identity provider in the IAM console\. For more information, see [Enabling SAML 2\.0 Federated Users to Access the AWS Management Console](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_enable-console-saml.html)\.

The process to create an identity provider for AWS is the same for Amazon Connect, except that for step 7 in the flow diagram in the topic, the client is sent to your Amazon Connect instance instead of landing at the AWS Management Console\.

The steps necessary to enable SAML federation with AWS include:

1. Create a SAML provider in AWS\. For more information, see [Creating SAML Identity Providers](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_create_saml.html)\.

1. Create an IAM role for SAML 2\.0 Federation with the AWS Management Console\. You only need to create one IAM role for federation\. The IAM role determines which permissions the users that log in through your identity provider have in AWS\. In this case, the permissions are for accessing Amazon Connect\. You can control the permissions to features of Amazon Connect by using security profiles in Amazon Connect\. For more information, see [Creating a Role for SAML 2\.0 Federation \(Console\)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_create_for-idp_saml.html)\.

   In step 5, choose **Allow programmatic and AWS Management Console access**\. In addition to the trust policy described in the topic in the procedure *To prepare to create a role for SAML 2\.0 federation*, create a policy to assign permissions to your Amazon Connect instance\. Permissions start on step 9 of the *To create a role for SAML\-based federation* procedure \.

**To create a policy for assigning permissions to the IAM role for SAML federation**

   1. On the **Attach permissions policy** page, choose **Create policy**\.

   1. On the **Create policy** page, choose **JSON**\.

   1. Copy one of the following example policies and paste it into the JSON policy editor, replacing any existing text\. You can use either policy to enable SAML federation, or customize them for your specific requirements\.

      Use this policy to enable federation for all users in a specific Amazon Connect instance\. For SAML\-based authentication, replace the value for the `Resource` to the ARN for the instance that you created:

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
         "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement1",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": [
                      "arn:aws:connect:us-east-1:361814831152:instance/2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b/user/${aws:userid}"
                  ]
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

      Use this policy to enable federation to a specific Amazon Connect instances\. Replace the value for the `connect:InstanceId` to the instance ID for your instance\.

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
          "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement2",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": "*",
                  "Condition": {
                      "StringEquals": {
                          "connect:InstanceId": "2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b"
                      }
                  }
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

      Use this policy to enable federation for multiple instances\. Note the brackets around the listed instance IDs\.

      ```
      {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
          "Statement": [
              {
                  "Sid": "Statement2",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": "connect:GetFederationToken",
                  "Resource": "*",
                  "Condition": {
                      "StringEquals": {
                          "connect:InstanceId": [
                          "2fb42df9-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b", 
                          "1234567-78a2-2e74-d572-c8af67ed289b"]
                      }
                  }
              }
          ]
      }
      ```

   1. After you create the policy, choose **Next:Review**, and then return to step 10 in the *To create a role for SAML\-based federation* procedure in the [Creating a Role for SAML 2\.0 Federation \(Console\)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_create_for-idp_saml.html) topic\.

1. Configure your network as a SAML provider for AWS\. For more information, see [Enabling SAML 2\.0 Federated Users to Access the AWS Management Console](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_enable-console-saml.html)\.

1. Configure SAML Assertions for the Authentication Response\. For more information, [Configuring SAML Assertions for the Authentication Response](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide//id_roles_providers_create_saml_assertions.html)\.

1. Configure the relay state of your identity provider to point to your Amazon Connect instance\. The URL to use for the relay state is comprised as follows:

   `https://region-id.console.aws.amazon.com/connect/federate/instance-id`

   Replace the *region\-id* with the Region name where you created your Amazon Connect instance, such as us\-east\-1 for US East \(N\. Virginia\)\. Replace the *instance\-id* with the instance ID for your instance\.

## Use a Destination in Your Relay State URL<a name="destination-relay"></a>

When you configure the relay state for your identity provider, you can use the ?destination argument in the URL to navigate users to a specific page in your Amazon Connect instance, such opening the CCP directly when an agent logs in, or displaying the real time metrics page when a call center manager logs in\. The user must be assigned a security profile that grants access to that page in the instance\. For example, if you want to send agents directly to the CCP when they log in, you can use a URL similar to the following for the relay state to go directly to the CCP when an agent logs in\. You must use [URL encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding) for the destination value used in the URL:

`https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/connect/federate/instance-id?destination=%2Fconnect%2Fccp`

## Add users to Your Amazon Connect Instance<a name="saml-add-users"></a>

Add users to your connect instance, making sure that the user names exactly match the users names in your existing directory\. If the names do not match, users can log in to the identity provider, but not to Amazon Connect because no user account with that user name exists in Amazon Connect\. You can add users manually on the **User management** page, or you can bulk upload users with the CSV template\. After you add the users to Amazon Connect, you can assign security profiles and other user settings\.

When a user attempts to log in to Amazon Connect and successfully logs in to the identity provider, but no account with the same user name is found in Amazon Connect, the following **Access denied** message is displayed\.

![\[Error message displayed when a user tries to log in to Amazon Connect through their identity provider when the user name is not in Amazon Connect.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-access-denied.png)
<a name="bulk-user-upload"></a>
**Bulk upload users with the template\.**  
You can also import all of your users by adding their information to a CSV file, and then using the import feature within Amazon Connect\. If you plan to add users by uploading a CSV file, make sure that you use the template for SAML users, which you can find on the **User management** page in Amazon Connect\. A different template is used for SAML\-based authentication\. If you previously downloaded the template, you should download the version available on the **User management** page after you set up your instance with SAML\-based authentication\. The template should not include a column for email or password\.

## SAML User Log in and Session Duration<a name="user-sessions"></a>

When you are using SAML for identity management in Amazon Connect, users must log in to Amazon Connect by first logging in to the identity provider you have configured in your network to use with Amazon Web Services\. After authentication by the identity provider, a token for their session is created, and the user is redirected to your Amazon Connect instance and automatically logged in to Amazon Connect using single sign\-on\.

As a best practice, you should also define a process for your Amazon Connect users to log out when they are finished using Amazon Connect\. They should log out from both Amazon Connect and your identity provider\. If they do not, the next person that logs in to the same computer can log in to Amazon Connect without a password since the token for the previous sessions is still valid for the duration of the session, by default, 10 hours\.
<a name="session-expire"></a>
**About Session Expiration**  
Amazon Connect sessions expire 10 hours after a user logs in\. After 10 hours, users are automatically logged out, even if they are currently on a call\. If you plan to have agents stay logged in for more than 10 hours, you should consider having agents log out of Amazon Connect and your identity provider, and then log in again through your identity provider before the session expires\. This resets the session timer set on the token so that agents are not logged out during an active contact with a customer\. When a session expires while a user is logged in, the following message is displayed\. To use Amazon Connect again, the user needs to log in to your identity provider\.

![\[Error message displayed when the session expires for a SAML-based user.\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/saml-session-expired.png)
