doc_source/monitor-conversations.md, before:

# Monitor Live Conversations<a name="monitor-conversations"></a>

Managers can monitor live conversations between agents and customers, and review past conversations\. To set this up, you need to add the **Set call recording** block to your contact flow, assign managers the appropriate permissions, and then show them how to monitor the conversations\. 

A conversation is recorded only when the contact is connected to an agent\. The contact is not recorded before then, when they are connected to the IVR\. 

**Important**  
The monitor feature works only when call recording is enabled on a contact flow\. For instructions on adding the **Set call recording** block to your contact flow, see [Set Up Call Recording](set-up-recordings.md)\. 

## Assign Permissions to Monitor Live Conversations<a name="monitor-conversations-permissions"></a>

These permissions enable managers to monitor live conversations and access recordings of past conversations\. 

**To assign a manager permissions to monitor a live conversation**

1. Go to **Users**, **User management**, choose the manager, and then choose **Edit**\.

1. In the Security Profiles box, assign the manager to the **CallCenterManager** security profile\. This security profile also includes a setting that makes the icon to download recordings appear in the results of the Contact search page\. 

1. Assign the manager to the **Agent** security profile so they can access the contact control panel\. This is so they can monitor the conversation through the contact control panel\.

1. Choose **Save**\. 

**Or, to create a new security profile specific for this purpose**

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**, **Security profiles**\. 

1. Choose **Add new security profile**\. 

1. Expand **Metrics and Quality**, then choose **Manager monitor** and **Recorded conversations** \(choose both **Access** and **Enable download button**\)\. 

1. Expand **Contact Control Panel**, then choose **Access Contact Control Panel** and **Make outbound calls**\. 

1. Choose **Save**\. 

## Monitor Live Conversations with Customers<a name="w11aac32b8c11"></a>

1. Log in to your Amazon Connect instance with a user account that is assigned the **CallCenterManager** security profile, or that is enabled for the **Manager monitor** permission\.

1. Open the contact control panel \(CCP\) by choosing the phone icon in the top\-right corner of your screen\. You'll need the CCP open to connect to the conversation\. 

1. To choose the agent conversation you want to monitor, in Amazon Connect choose **Metrics and quality**, **Real\-time metrics**, **Agents**\.

1. Next to the names of agents in a live conversation, you'll see a headset icon\. Choose the icon to start monitoring the conversation\.

   When you're monitoring a conversation, the status in your CCP changes to **Monitoring**\.

1. To stop monitoring the conversation, in the CCP choose **End call**\.

   When the agent ends the conversation, monitoring stops automatically\.

Commit message:

added files for chat release

doc_source/monitor-conversations.md, after:

# Monitor Live Conversations<a name="monitor-conversations"></a>

Managers can monitor live conversations between agents and customers, and review past conversations\. To set this up, you need to add the **Set recording behavior** block to your contact flow, assign managers the appropriate permissions, and then show them how to monitor the conversations\.

A conversation is recorded only when the contact is connected to an agent\. The contact is not recorded before then, when they are connected to the IVR\. 

**Important**  
For voice conversations, the monitor feature works only when recording is enabled on a contact flow\. For instructions, see [Set Up Recording Behavior](set-up-recordings.md)\.   
For chat conversations, you enable recording at the instance level\. If there's an S3 bucket for storing chat transcripts, then all chats are recorded\. If no bucket exists, then no chats are recorded\.

## Assign Permissions to Monitor Live Conversations<a name="monitor-conversations-permissions"></a>

These permissions enable managers to monitor live conversations and access recordings of past conversations\. 

**To assign a manager permissions to monitor a live conversation**

1. Go to **Users**, **User management**, choose the manager, and then choose **Edit**\.

1. In the Security Profiles box, assign the manager to the **CallCenterManager** security profile\. This security profile also includes a setting that makes the icon to download recordings appear in the results of the Contact search page\. 

1. Assign the manager to the **Agent** security profile so they can access the contact control panel\. This is so they can monitor the conversation through the contact control panel\.

1. Choose **Save**\. 

**Or, to create a new security profile specific for this purpose**

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**, **Security profiles**\. 

1. Choose **Add new security profile**\. 

1. Expand **Metrics and Quality**, then choose **Manager monitor** and **Recorded conversations** \(choose both **Access** and **Enable download button**\)\. 

1. Expand **Contact Control Panel**, then choose **Access Contact Control Panel** and **Make outbound calls**\. 

1. Choose **Save**\. 

## Monitor Live Conversations with Contacts<a name="w16aac39b8c11"></a>

1. Log in to your Amazon Connect instance with a user account that is assigned the **CallCenterManager** security profile, or that is enabled for the **Manager monitor** permission\.

1. Open the contact control panel \(CCP\) by choosing the phone icon in the top\-right corner of your screen\. You'll need the CCP open to connect to the conversation\. 

1. To choose the agent conversation you want to monitor, in Amazon Connect choose **Metrics and quality**, **Real\-time metrics**, **Agents**\.

1. To monitor voice conversations: Next to the names of agents in a live voice conversation, you'll see a headset icon\. Choose the icon to start monitoring the conversation\.

   When you're monitoring a conversation, the status in your CCP changes to **Monitoring**\.

1. To monitor chat conversations: For each agent you'll see the number of live chat conversations they're in\. Click on the number\. Then choose the conversation you want to start monitoring\. 

   When you're monitoring a conversation, the status in your CCP changes to **Monitoring**\.

1. To stop monitoring the conversation, in the CCP choose **End call** or **End chat**\.

   When the agent ends the conversation, monitoring stops automatically\.
