doc_source/real-time-metrics-reports.md, before:

# Real\-time Metrics Reports<a name="real-time-metrics-reports"></a>

Real\-time metrics reports show real\-time or near\-real time metrics information about activity in your contact center\. Metrics such as **Online** show the number of agents currently online in real\-time, updating every 15 seconds\. Metrics such as **Handled** and **Abandoned** reflect near real\-time values for your contact center\.

You can customize the reports, specify a time range for each report, select metrics for each report, and select filters for data to include or exclude from each report\.

Data in real\-time metrics reports is refreshed as follows:
+ The **Real\-time metrics** page refreshes every 15 seconds\.
+ Metrics such as **Active** and **Availability** refresh as activity occurs, with a small system delay for processing the activity\.
+ Agent near real\-time metrics, such as **Missed** and **Occupancy**, refresh every 5 minutes\.
+ Contact near real\-time metrics refresh about a minute after a contact ends\.

**Topics**
+ [Create a Real\-time Metrics Report](create-real-time-report.md)
+ [Download a Real\-time Metrics Report](download-real-time-metrics-report.md)
+ [View How Many Customers Are Waiting In Queue](call-back.md)
+ [Real\-time Metrics Definitions](real-time-metrics-definitions.md)

Commit message:

created subtopics for historical metrics reporting

doc_source/real-time-metrics-reports.md, after:

# Real\-time Metrics Reports<a name="real-time-metrics-reports"></a>

Real\-time metrics reports show real\-time or near\-real time metrics information about activity in your contact center\. Metrics such as **Online** show the number of agents currently online in real\-time, updating every 15 seconds\. Metrics such as **Handled** and **Abandoned** reflect near real\-time values for your contact center\.

You can customize the reports, specify a time range for each report, select metrics for each report, and select filters for data to include or exclude from each report\.

Data in real\-time metrics reports is refreshed as follows:
+ The **Real\-time metrics** page refreshes every 15 seconds\.
+ Metrics such as **Active** and **Availability** refresh as activity occurs, with a small system delay for processing the activity\.
+ Agent near real\-time metrics, such as **Missed** and **Occupancy**, refresh every 5 minutes\.
+ Contact near real\-time metrics refresh about a minute after a contact ends\.

**Topics**
+ [Create a Real\-time Metrics Report](create-real-time-report.md)
+ [No Metrics or Too Few Rows in a Queues Report?](troubleshoot-rtm.md)
+ [Download a Real\-time Metrics Report](download-real-time-metrics-report.md)
+ [View How Many Customers Are Waiting In Queue](call-back.md)
+ [Real\-time Metrics Definitions](real-time-metrics-definitions.md)
