doc_source/sample-queued-callback.md, before:

# Sample Queued Callback<a name="sample-queued-callback"></a>

Type: Contact flow \(inbound\)

This sample flow is available in legacy Amazon Connect instances\. In new instances, you can see this functionality in [Sample Queue Configurations](sample-queue-configurations.md)\.

This contact flow provides callback queue logic\. Here's how it works: 

1. After a voice prompt, a working queue is selected and its queue status is checked\.

1. A voice prompt tells the customer if the wait time for the selected queue is longer than 5 minutes\. Customers are offered a choice to wait in the queue or to be placed into a callback queue\. 

1. If the customer decides to wait in the queue, the **Set customer queue flow** block places them in a queue flow that provides a callback option\. That is, it places them in **Sample interruptible queue flow with callback**\. 

1. If the customer chooses to be placed into a callback queue, their number is stored in the **Store customer input** block\. Then their callback number is set, and they are transferred to the callback queue\.

Commit message:

added new files for contact block update and save, share, publish reports

doc_source/sample-queued-callback.md, after:

# Sample Queued Callback<a name="sample-queued-callback"></a>

Type: Contact flow \(inbound\)

This sample flow is available in previous Amazon Connect instances\. In new instances, you can see this functionality in [Sample Queue Configurations](sample-queue-configurations.md)\.

This contact flow provides callback queue logic\. Here's how it works: 

1. After a voice prompt, a working queue is selected and its queue status is checked\.

1. A voice prompt tells the customer if the wait time for the selected queue is longer than 5 minutes\. Customers are offered a choice to wait in the queue or to be placed into a callback queue\. 

1. If the customer decides to wait in the queue, the **Set customer queue flow** block places them in a queue flow that provides a callback option\. That is, it places them in **Sample interruptible queue flow with callback**\. 

1. If the customer chooses to be placed into a callback queue, their number is stored in the **Store customer input** block\. Then their callback number is set, and they are transferred to the callback queue\.

For information about queued callbacks, see the following topics:
+ [Set Up Queued Callback](setup-queued-callback.md) 
+ [Contact Block: Transfer to Queue](transfer-to-queue.md) 
+ [About Queued Callbacks in Metrics](about-queued-callbacks.md)
