doc_source/special-request.md, before:

# Request international numbers, special numbers, or termination points<a name="special-request"></a>

**Important**  
To purchase and own a phone number, country regulations often require:   
A local office address
Specific identification documents
For identification requirements by country, see [Region requirements for phone numbers](phone-number-requirements.md)\.   
It can take 2\-6 weeks for us to fulfill your request\.

To request international phone numbers, special numbers, or termination points, create a support case\. 

1. Go to [Create case](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/cases#/create)\.

1. Choose **Service limit increase**\.

1. In **Limit type** select **Amazon Connect**\.

1. In **Use case description**, enter the number you want to request\. 

1. In **Contact options**, choose whether we should contact you by email or phone\. 

1. Choose **Submit**\. 

We'll contact you to help with your request\. 

## Requirements for Custom Termination Points<a name="custom-termination-points"></a>

In the Asia Pacific \(Sydney\) Region, you can request Custom Termination Points\.

The term "Custom Termination Points" means custom Tier 1 telephony destinations for customer calls to Amazon Connect configured as local phone numbers\. In using Custom Termination Points, you understand and agree that you: 

1. Have a current toll\-free national service that allows you to set Custom Termination Points as a destination for customer phone calls\.

1. Cannot port or move Custom Termination Points to a different telephony provider once assigned by Amazon Connect\.

1. Will be billed at the standard daily rate for claimed Australian phone numbers and DID inbound usage fees\.

1. You are responsible for adding the Custom Termination Points in your existing toll\-free national service\.

Commit message:

added architecture, porting, and other new content

doc_source/special-request.md, after:

# Request international numbers, special numbers, or termination points<a name="special-request"></a>

**Important**  
To purchase and own a phone number, country or region regulations often require:   
A local office address\.
Specific identification documents\.
For identification requirements by country, see [Region requirements for ordering and porting phone numbers](phone-number-requirements.md)\.   
It can take 2\-6 weeks for us to fulfill your request\.

To request international phone numbers, special numbers, or termination points, create a support case\. In the support case, you must specify exactly how many numbers you want for each country\.

1. Go to [Create case](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/cases#/create)\.

1. Choose **Service limit increase**\.

1. In **Limit type** select **Amazon Connect**\.

1. In **Use case description**, enter the number that you want to request or exactly how many numbers you want for each country\. 

1. In **Contact options**, choose whether we should contact you by email or phone\. 

1. Choose **Submit**\. 

We'll contact you to help with your request\. 

**Note**  
After your request is approved, the exact number of requested phone numbers appear in your Amazon Connect console for you to claim\. You won't have access to all available numbers in that country\.

## Requirements for Custom Termination Points<a name="custom-termination-points"></a>

In the Asia Pacific \(Sydney\) Region, you can request Custom Termination Points\.

The term "Custom Termination Points" means custom Tier 1 telephony destinations for customer calls to Amazon Connect configured as local phone numbers\. In using Custom Termination Points, you understand and agree that you: 

1. Have a current toll\-free national service that allows you to set Custom Termination Points as a destination for customer phone calls\.

1. Cannot port or move Custom Termination Points to a different telephony provider once assigned by Amazon Connect\.

1. Will be billed at the standard daily rate for claimed Australian phone numbers and DID inbound usage fees\.

1. You are responsible for adding the Custom Termination Points in your existing toll\-free national service\.
