doc_source/start-media-streaming.md, before:

# Contact block: Start media streaming<a name="start-media-streaming"></a>

## Contact flow types<a name="start-media-streaming-types"></a>

You can use this block in the following [contact flow types](create-contact-flow.md#contact-flow-types):
+ Inbound contact flow
+ Customer Queue flow
+ Customer Whisper flow
+ Outbound Whisper flow
+ Agent Whisper flow
+ Transfer to Agent flow
+ Transfer to Queue flow

## Description<a name="start-media-streaming-description"></a>

Captures what the customer hears and says during a contact\. You can then perform analysis on the audio streams to:
+ Determine customer sentiment\.
+ Use the audio for training purposes\.
+ Identify and flag abusive callers\.

## Properties<a name="start-media-streaming-properties"></a>

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/start-media-streaming.png)

## Configuration tips<a name="start-media-streaming-tips"></a>
+ You must enable live media streaming in your instance to successfully capture customer audio\. For instructions, see [Capture customer audio: live media streaming](customer-voice-streams.md)\.
+ Customer audio is captured until a **Stop media streaming** block is invoked, even if the contact is passed to another contact flow\.
+ You must use a **Stop media streaming** block to stop media streaming\.
+ If this block is triggered during a chat conversation, the contact is routed down the **Error** branch\.

## Configured block<a name="start-media-streaming-configured"></a>

When this block is configured, it looks similar to the following image:

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/start-media-streaming-configured.png)

## Sample flows<a name="start-media-streaming-samples"></a>

[Example contact flow for testing live media streaming](use-media-streams-blocks.md)

Commit message:

Update start-media-streaming.md configuration tip
By default, when a new Start media streaming block is added it has both From the customer and To the customer options selected. I added a configuration tip to only select one of the two options as having both selected will result in a choppy and inaudible media stream.

doc_source/start-media-streaming.md, after:

# Contact block: Start media streaming<a name="start-media-streaming"></a>

## Contact flow types<a name="start-media-streaming-types"></a>

You can use this block in the following [contact flow types](create-contact-flow.md#contact-flow-types):
+ Inbound contact flow
+ Customer Queue flow
+ Customer Whisper flow
+ Outbound Whisper flow
+ Agent Whisper flow
+ Transfer to Agent flow
+ Transfer to Queue flow

## Description<a name="start-media-streaming-description"></a>

Captures what the customer hears and says during a contact\. You can then perform analysis on the audio streams to:
+ Determine customer sentiment\.
+ Use the audio for training purposes\.
+ Identify and flag abusive callers\.

## Properties<a name="start-media-streaming-properties"></a>

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/start-media-streaming.png)

## Configuration tips<a name="start-media-streaming-tips"></a>
+ You must enable live media streaming in your instance to successfully capture customer audio\. For instructions, see [Capture customer audio: live media streaming](customer-voice-streams.md)\.
+ When selecting the stream to start, only choose one option. Selecting both options will result in an inaudible media stream.
+ Customer audio is captured until a **Stop media streaming** block is invoked, even if the contact is passed to another contact flow\.
+ You must use a **Stop media streaming** block to stop media streaming\.
+ If this block is triggered during a chat conversation, the contact is routed down the **Error** branch\.

## Configured block<a name="start-media-streaming-configured"></a>

When this block is configured, it looks similar to the following image:

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/start-media-streaming-configured.png)

## Sample flows<a name="start-media-streaming-samples"></a>

[Example contact flow for testing live media streaming](use-media-streams-blocks.md)
