doc_source/transfers.md, before:

# Transfer calls<a name="transfers"></a>

You can transfer calls to people in a predefined list, called quick connects\. You can also transfer calls to phone numbers that you dial\. 

## Initiate a quick connect transfer<a name="transfers-quick"></a>

**To transfer a call to a predefined destination**

1. Choose the **Quick Connect** button on the CCP\.

1. From the list of quick connects, choose the name of another agent to transfer the call to\. \(Your Amazon Connect administrator adds the names of agents to the list of quick connects\.\)

   Or, choose **Number pad** to enter an external number\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/quick-connects.png)

1. After the call is connected, you can choose **Join** so the caller, the transfer destination, and you are in a conference call\.   
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/join.png)

1. When the call is joined, you have the option to choose **Leave** to exit the call\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/leave.png)

## Initiate a manual transfer<a name="transfers"></a>

1. Transfer a call to a phone number by choosing **Number pad**\.

1. Enter the number you want and choose **Call**\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/number-pad.png)

## Manage transfer a call<a name="transfers-manage"></a>

After the transfer has been initiated, the customer is placed on hold and you'll be connected to the transfer destination\.

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-menu.png)

Commit message:

updated for contact lens ga

doc_source/transfers.md, after:

# Transfer calls to a quick connect or external number<a name="transfers"></a>

You can transfer calls to people in a predefined list, called quick connects\. You can also transfer calls to external phone numbers that you enter\. 

**To transfer to a quick connect or to an external number**

1. While you're connected to the contact, choose **Quick connects** on the CCP\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-calls-quick-connect-button.png)

1. From the list of quick connects, choose the name of another agent to transfer the call to\. \(Your Amazon Connect administrator adds the names of agents to the list of quick connects\.\)

   Or, to call an external number, choose **Number pad**, enter the number you want to call, and then choose **Call**\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/quick-connects.png)

1. After the call is connected to the transfer destination, you can choose **Join** so the caller, the transfer destination, and you are in a conference call\.   
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-calls-choose-join.png)

1. When the call is joined, the three of you can talk\. Choose **Leave** to complete the transfer and exit the call\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-calls-everyone-joined-leave-call.png)

1. Complete the after contact work and then choose **Clear contact**\.  
![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-calls-do-acw.png)

## Manage transfer a call<a name="transfers-manage"></a>

After you initiate a transfer, the customer is placed on hold and you are connected to the transfer destination\. The following image shows what actions you can take at this point\. 

![\[Image NOT FOUND\]](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/images/transfer-menu.png)
