doc_source/transfer.md, before:

# Set up contact transfers<a name="transfer"></a>

To make it easy for you to set up contact transfers, Amazon Connect provides you with several tools: 
+ Two contact flow types:
  + Transfer to agent: Enables transfers to another agent\. This works with voice contacts\. 
  + Transfer to queue: Enables transfers to a queue\. This works with both voice and chat contacts\.
+ Contact blocks:
  + [Transfer to queue](transfer-to-queue.md): Use to end the current contact flow and place the customer in a queue\. This block works for both voice and chat transfers\. 
  + [Transfer to phone number](transfer-to-phone-number.md): Use to transfer the customer to a phone number, such as an external number\. This block works for voice transfers\.
  + [Transfer to flow](transfer-to-flow.md): Use to end the current flow and transfer the customer to another contact flow\. This block works for voice transfers\.
+ Quick connects: Use to create common destinations for transfers\. Agents will see them as options in the CCP when they go to do a transfer\.

This topic explains how to create quick connects and use transfer contact blocks in specific scenarios\. 

## Overview of steps<a name="transfer-overview"></a>

**To set up call transfers and quick connects**

1. Choose a contact flow type based on what you want to do: Transfer to agent or Transfer to queue\. External transfers do not require a specific type of contact flow\.

1. Create and publish the contact flow\. 

1. Create a quick connect for the type of transfer to enable: **Agent**, **Queue**, or **External**\.

   When you create the **Agent** or **Queue** quick connect, select a contact flow that matches the type of transfer to enable\. **External** quick connects require only a phone number, and do not allow you to set a queue or contact flow\.

1. Add the quick connect that you created to any queue used in a contact flow for which to enable contact transfer, such as the queue used in the contact flow for incoming contacts\.

1. Make sure the queue is in a routing profile assigned to the agents who transfers contacts\.

Commit message:

added several files from reinvent 2020 and beyond

doc_source/transfer.md, after:

# Set up contact transfers<a name="transfer"></a>

Amazon Connect enables you to set up different kinds of transfers:
+ [Agent\-to\-agent transfers](setup-agent-to-agent-transfers.md): For example, if you want agents to be able to transfer calls or tasks to other agents\. 
+ [Transfers to a specific agent](transfer-to-agent.md): For example, if you want to route contacts to the last agent the customer interacted with, or route contacts to agents who have specific responsibilities\.
+ [Transfers to queues](quick-connects.md): For example, if you want to transfer the contact to a sales, support, or escalation queue\. To do this, create a [queue quick connect](how-quick-connects-work.md#queue-quick-connects)\. This works with voice, chat, and task contacts\.
+ [Transfers to external numbers](quick-connects.md): For example, if you want to transfer the contact to an external number, such as an on\-call pager\. To do this, create an external quick connect\.

## Overview of steps<a name="transfer-overview"></a>

**To set up call transfers and quick connects**

1. Choose a contact flow type based on what you want to do: Transfer to agent or Transfer to queue\. External transfers do not require a specific type of contact flow\.

1. Create and publish the contact flow\. 

1. Create a quick connect for the type of transfer to enable: **Agent**, **Queue**, or **External**\.

   When you create the **Agent** or **Queue** quick connect, select a contact flow that matches the type of transfer to enable\. **External** quick connects require only a phone number, and do not allow you to set a queue or contact flow\.

1. Add the quick connect that you created to any queue used in a contact flow for which to enable contact transfer, such as the queue used in the contact flow for incoming contacts\.

1. Make sure the queue is in a routing profile assigned to the agents who transfers contacts\.
