doc_source/user-management.md, before:

# Add Users<a name="user-management"></a>

You can add users and configure them with permissions that are appropriate to their roles \(for example, agents or managers\)\. For more information, see [Assign Permissions: Security Profiles](connect-security-profiles.md)\. Contacts can be routed based on the skills required of the agents\. For more information, see [Create a Routing Profile](routing-profiles.md)\.

**To add a user**

1. Log in to your contact center using your access URL \(https://*domain*\.awsapps\.com/connect/login\)\.

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**\.

1. Choose **Add new users**\.

1. Choose **Create and set up a new user** and then choose **Next**\.

1. Enter the name, email address, and password for the user\.

1. Choose a routing profile and a security profile\.

1. Choose **Save**\.

**To add several users from an Excel spreadsheet \(\.csv\)**

1. Log in to your contact center using your access URL \(https://*domain*\.awsapps\.com/connect/login\)\.

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**\.

1. Choose **Add new users**\.

1. Choose **Upload my users from a template \(csv\)** and then choose **Next**\.

1. Choose **Download template**\. 

1. Add your users to the template and upload it to Amazon Connect\.

Commit message:

added new files for contact block update and save, share, publish reports

doc_source/user-management.md, after:

# Add Users<a name="user-management"></a>

You can add users and configure them with permissions that are appropriate to their roles \(for example, agents or managers\)\. For more information, see [Assign Permissions: Security Profiles](connect-security-profiles.md)\. Contacts can be routed based on the skills required of the agents\. For more information, see [Create a Routing Profile](routing-profiles.md)\.

**To add a user**

1. Log in to the Amazon Connect console with an **Admin** account, or an account assigned to a security profile that has permissions to create users\.

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**\.

1. Choose **Add new users**\.

1. Choose **Create and set up a new user** and then choose **Next**\.

1. Enter the name, email address, and password for the user\.

1. Choose a routing profile and a security profile\.

1. Choose **Save**\. If the Save button isn't active, it means you don't have permissions to add or edit a user\. 

**To add several users from an Excel spreadsheet \(\.csv\)**

1. Log in to the Amazon Connect console with an **Admin** account, or an account assigned to a security profile that has permissions to create users\.

1. Choose **Users**, **User management**\.

1. Choose **Add new users**\.

1. Choose **Upload my users from a template \(csv\)** and then choose **Next**\.

1. Choose **Download template**\. 

1. Add your users to the template and upload it to Amazon Connect\.
